SQL docs review (#389)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/sql/pages/get-started-sql.adoc

== Step 1. Create a Mapping to a Map

> Map doesn't inherently have associated schema or serialization format. Before you can query data in a map, you need to create a mapping to it, using the `IMap` connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maps don't inherently have an associated schema or serialization format. So, before you can query data in a map, you need to create a mapping to it, using the `IMap` connector.
```
